{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red202\green202\blue202;\red23\green23\blue23;\red89\green138\blue67;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c83137\c83137\c83137;\cssrgb\c11765\c11765\c11765;\cssrgb\c41569\c60000\c33333;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Features\cb1 \
\cb3   Pricing\cb1 \
\cb3   Contact\cb1 \
\cb3   Login\cb1 \
\
\cb3   A Simple Bookmark Manager\cb1 \
\
\cb3   A clean and simple interface to organize your favourite websites. Open a new \cb1 \
\cb3   browser tab and see your sites load instantly. Try it for free.\cb1 \
\
\cb3   Get it on Chrome\cb1 \
\cb3   Get it on Firefox\cb1 \
\
\cb3   Features\cb1 \
\
\cb3   Our aim is to make it quick and easy for you to access your favourite websites. \cb1 \
\cb3   Your bookmarks sync between your devices so you can access them on the go.\cb1 \
\
\cb3   Simple Bookmarking\cb1 \
\cb3   Speedy Searching\cb1 \
\cb3   Easy Sharing\cb1 \
\
\cb3   Bookmark in one click\cb1 \
\
\cb3   Organize your bookmarks however you like. Our simple drag-and-drop interface \cb1 \
\cb3   gives you complete control over how you manage your favourite sites.\cb1 \
\
\cb3   More Info\cb1 \
\
\cb3   Intelligent search\cb1 \
\
\cb3   Our powerful search feature will help you find saved sites in no time at all. \cb1 \
\cb3   No need to trawl through all of your bookmarks.\cb1 \
\
\cb3   More Info\cb1 \
\
\cb3   Share your bookmarks\cb1 \
\
\cb3   Easily share your bookmarks and collections with others. Create a shareable \cb1 \
\cb3   link that you can send at the click of a button.\cb1 \
\
\cb3   More Info\cb1 \
\
\cb3   Download the extension\cb1 \
\
\cb3   We\'92ve got more browsers in the pipeline. Please do let us know if you\'92ve \cb1 \
\cb3   got a favourite you\'92d like us to prioritize.\cb1 \
\
\cb3   Add to Chrome\cb1 \
\cb3   Minimum version 62\cb1 \
\cb3   Add & Install Extension\cb1 \
\
\cb3   Add to Firefox\cb1 \
\cb3   Minimum version 55\cb1 \
\cb3   Add & Install Extension\cb1 \
\
\cb3   Add to Opera\cb1 \
\cb3   Minimum version 46\cb1 \
\cb3   Add & Install Extension\cb1 \
\
\cb3   Frequently Asked Questions\cb1 \
\cb3   \cb1 \
\cb3   Here are some of our FAQs. If you have any other questions you\'92d like \cb1 \
\cb3   answered please feel free to email us.\cb1 \
\
\cb3   \cf4 \strokec4 <!-- Question 1 -->\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3   What is Bookmark?\cb1 \
\
\cb3   \cf4 \strokec4 <!-- Answer 1 -->\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3   Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Fusce tincidunt \cb1 \
\cb3   justo eget ultricies fringilla. Phasellus blandit ipsum quis quam ornare mattis.\cb1 \
\
\cb3   \cf4 \strokec4 <!-- Question 2 -->\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3   How can I request a new browser?\cb1 \
\
\cb3   \cf4 \strokec4 <!-- Answer 2 -->\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3   Vivamus luctus eros aliquet convallis ultricies. Mauris augue massa, ultricies non ligula. \cb1 \
\cb3   Suspendisse imperdiet. Vivamus luctus eros aliquet convallis ultricies. Mauris augue massa, \cb1 \
\cb3   ultricies non ligula. Suspendisse imperdie tVivamus luctus eros aliquet convallis ultricies. \cb1 \
\cb3   Mauris augue massa, ultricies non ligula. Suspendisse imperdiet.\cb1 \
\
\cb3   \cf4 \strokec4 <!-- Question 3 -->\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3   Is there a mobile app?\cb1 \
\
\cb3   \cf4 \strokec4 <!-- Answer 3 -->\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3   Sed consectetur quam id neque fermentum accumsan. Praesent luctus vestibulum dolor, ut condimentum \cb1 \
\cb3   urna vulputate eget. Cras in ligula quis est pharetra mattis sit amet pharetra purus. Sed \cb1 \
\cb3   sollicitudin ex et ultricies bibendum.\cb1 \
\
\cb3   \cf4 \strokec4 <!-- Question 4 -->\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3   What about other Chromium browsers?\cb1 \
\
\cb3   \cf4 \strokec4 <!-- Answer 4 -->\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3   Integer condimentum ipsum id imperdiet finibus. Vivamus in placerat mi, at euismod dui. Aliquam \cb1 \
\cb3   vitae neque eget nisl gravida pellentesque non ut velit.\cb1 \
\
\cb3   More Info\cb1 \
\
\cb3   35,000+ already joined\cb1 \
\
\cb3   Stay up-to-date with what we\'92re doing\cb1 \
\
\cb3   Contact Us\cb1 \
\
\cb3   Features\cb1 \
\cb3   Pricing\cb1 \
\cb3   Contact\cb1 \
}